see these trees
they know what's gonna happen they know
someone's going down first time I saw
mark Putnam I thought he looked like a
picture in a magazine but things go
wrong his things will those are
prescription you got a prescription for
a thousand percocet
that's the way the devil comes because
everything you've ever wanted
I mean I solve a big case it's a bank
robber in the area
okay smart 11 banks in four months
[Music]
Susan's help me bring down this problem
I'd be taking a hell of a big risk big
risk pay big money
he waves with us we did it didn't we
deserve her Award
here I mean how do you think that makes
me feel I need you taste that
hey sweetheart we got it congratulation
ain't nothing good gonna come of that
messing around on that goddamn federal
cop
where's your boyfriend's house you come
in here I'll break your [ __ ] neck
[Music]
why didn't you go I have a job I have a
family but I had needed you they'd send
somebody burn down my house last night
you don't blame me baby I got six grand
here for you I don't want to see you
anymore
because I know way to treat your star
winner
did you go to pregnant
[Music]
[Applause]
you